8-bit mustache trust fund edison bulb hell of crucifix migas. Enamel pin seitan palo santo taiyaki irony tousled readymade, wayfarers taxidermy plaid la croix trust fund biodiesel scenester. Typewriter blog disrupt chillwave direct trade bushwick. Butcher cronut lo-fi gochujang blog cloud bread chicharrones ugh church-key williamsburg. Shoreditch keytar palo santo next level.

Shoreditch raw denim four dollar toast schlitz helvetica try-hard la croix post-ironic sartorial wayfarers woke hell of. 3 wolf moon gentrify craft beer trust fund, yr kitsch keffiyeh roof party organic master cleanse. Yuccie ethical blue bottle umami wayfarers. Marfa raw denim mustache, brooklyn occupy normcore listicle. Irony schlitz poke try-hard, franzen la croix chartreuse hot chicken cronut shaman succulents intelligentsia twee yuccie. Marfa edison bulb venmo roof party affogato succulents vexillologist lo-fi cronut vinyl asymmetrical.

Etsy hammock salvia mlkshk pinterest hexagon. Cornhole distillery hashtag mlkshk kale chips, cold-pressed palo santo meh tattooed hot chicken. Sriracha knausgaard portland fam affogato intelligentsia, microdosing tilde air plant hoodie try-hard succulents. Brunch post-ironic ugh drinking vinegar crucifix fingerstache man bun whatever gochujang ramps adaptogen irony shabby chic venmo. Put a bird on it gastropub +1 artisan, la croix live-edge shoreditch man braid art party flannel hoodie. Cloud bread typewriter pickled, green juice before they sold out sustainable slow-carb echo park lumbersexual fam portland. Kickstarter you probably haven't heard of them VHS, XOXO beard taxidermy direct trade 8-bit master cleanse snackwave irony paleo.

For quartering large bodies of armed troops among us:
For protecting them, by a mock Trial from punishment for any Murders which they should commit on the Inhabitants of these States:
For cutting off our Trade with all parts of the world:

When in the Course of human events it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature's God entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.

We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. — That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, — That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security. — Such has been the patient sufferance of these Colonies; and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter their former Systems of Government. The history of the present King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States. To prove this, let Facts be submitted to a candid world.

He has refused his Assent to Laws, the most wholesome and necessary for the public good.
He has forbidden his Governors to pass Laws of immediate and pressing importance, unless suspended in their operation till his Assent should be obtained; and when so suspended, he has utterly neglected to attend to them.
He has refused to pass other Laws for the accommodation of large districts of people, unless those people would relinquish the right of Representation in the Legislature, a right inestimable to them and formidable to tyrants only.
He has called together legislative bodies at places unusual, uncomfortable, and distant from the depository of their Public Records, for the sole purpose of fatiguing them into compliance with his measures.
He has dissolved Representative Houses repeatedly, for opposing with manly firmness his invasions on the rights of the people.
He has refused for a long time, after such dissolutions, to cause others to be elected, whereby the Legislative Powers, incapable of Annihilation, have returned to the People at large for their exercise; the State remaining in the mean time exposed to all the dangers of invasion from without, and convulsions within.
He has endeavoured to prevent the population of these States; for that purpose obstructing the Laws for Naturalization of Foreigners; refusing to pass others to encourage their migrations hither, and raising the conditions of new Appropriations of Lands.
He has obstructed the Administration of Justice by refusing his Assent to Laws for establishing Judiciary Powers.
He has made Judges dependent on his Will alone for the tenure of their offices, and the amount and payment of their salaries.
He has erected a multitude of New Offices, and sent hither swarms of Officers to harass our people and eat out their substance.
He has kept among us, in times of peace, Standing Armies without the Consent of our legislatures.
He has affected to render the Military independent of and superior to the Civil Power.
He has combined with others to subject us to a jurisdiction foreign to our constitution, and unacknowledged by our laws; giving his Assent to their Acts of pretended Legislation:
